README.md, before:

# SimplifierClient

A simple client library for the [Simplifier package registry](https://simplifier.net) API.

## CLI

The library features a CLI interface via the command `fhirpackage`.

```
usage: fhirpackage [-h] [-u USERNAME] [-p PASSWORD]
                   {search,list,download} package

A simple FHIR package client for Simplifier.

positional arguments:
  {search,list,download}
                        The command to execute. 
  package               The package

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME
                        Simplifier username
  -p PASSWORD, --password PASSWORD
                        Simplifier password

Commands:
- search: Searches for packages. The 'package' parameter is used as search term for this command. The search term is matched to any part of the package name.
- list: Lists all available versions of the specified package.
- download: Downloads the specified package.

Package names and versions:
A package version can be appended to the package name separated by a colon (i.e. hl7.fhir.r4.core:4.0.1).
'latest' can be used as an alias for the latest version. If the version is omitted the latest version is assumed.
Versions for 'search' command can also be given in parts (i.e. hl7:4).
```

Username and password may be stored inside a `.simplifierrc` file inside your home directory:
```
username=user@example.com
password=P455w0rd
```

Commit message:

Added support for pre-release searching and filtering for FHIR versions

README.md, after:

# SimplifierClient

A simple client library for the [Simplifier package registry](https://simplifier.net) API.

## CLI

The library features a CLI interface via the command `fhirpackage`.

```
usage: fhirpackage [-h] [-u USERNAME] [-p PASSWORD]
                   {search,list,download} package

A simple FHIR package client for Simplifier.

positional arguments:
  {search,list,download}
                        The command to execute. 
  package               The package

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME
                        Simplifier username
  -p PASSWORD, --password PASSWORD
                        Simplifier password

Commands:
- search: Searches for packages. The 'package' parameter is used as search term for this command. The search term is matched to any part of the package name.
- list: Lists all available versions of the specified package.
- download: Downloads the specified package.

Package names and versions:
A package version can be appended to the package name separated by a colon (i.e. hl7.fhir.r4.core:4.0.1).
'latest' can be used as an alias for the latest version. If the version is omitted the latest version is assumed.
Package names and versions for 'search' command can also be given in parts (i.e. hl7.fhir:4). An additional filter for the FHIR version can be added delimited by another colon (i.e. hl7.fhir.r4.core:4.0.1:R4) for the 'search' command.
```

Username and password may be stored inside a `.simplifierrc` file inside your home directory:
```
username=user@example.com
password=P455w0rd
```
